V3_Journal.md, before:

# [Parametric Gearbox for Torque Multiplication] - 2025-12-20
## Added
A parametric simple gearbox was added so that the hand-crank could have more torque!
<img width="1260" height="661" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-20 142952" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/249365a1-64ec-440e-a6fa-8ebfab44c840" />

## Future Notes & Ideas
Almost done yay!

# [Tolerance Change] - 2025-12-01

## Changed
The anvil-rotor clearance between the blades (of one side) and the washers (of the other side) was lowered. This should help with shearing the material. This was attained by increasing the diameter of the washers.
<img width="530" height="459" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-01 at 8 31 44 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ef74c23-538f-44c1-9322-2292d9f6096e" />

## Future Notes & Ideas
I think it's about time to start publishing and sorting everything together.

# [CAD Fixes] - 2025-11-26

## Added
Chamfers to the base

## Changed

## Fixed
Changed m3 nut slots to take in parameter "Tolerance"

## Future Notes & Ideas


# [Some Brush-ups] - 2025-11-24
Made some modifications to the already "polished" 3D shredder. Looking to improve user experience during assembly
## Added
Front plate aluminum extrusion/mounting board mounting holes. This may/may not be applicable for the back plate, depending on the size of the gears.

<img width="770" height="468" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 1 08 57 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f5874854-c3f3-49fd-87e2-73dc3f1643ad" />


Created a 1:1 Gear Ratio set (double helical gears, 10mm height, 2.6mm module, 20 teeth)

<img width="610" height="394" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 2 01 45 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1102e926-d76f-4e6d-a329-1de129c33eea" />


## Changed
Offset the 2020 aluminum extrusion (or base mounting) holes to be further out
<img width="532" height="499" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 11 34 36 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff8fd6dc-e552-48b0-ae77-7941908b18af" />


## Fixed
Added 3D printing corner holes for the gears.

<img width="268" height="265" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 10 02 20 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5accfdcc-111d-403c-8935-9b76851707a0" />

## Future Notes & Ideas
I will need to figure out how the aluminum extrusion and the shredder is assembled. Currently, the m5 allen key is getting jammed up by the hopper mounts.

Commit message:

Update V3_Journal with gearbox assembly notes
Documented the assembly of the gearbox and future strategies for improvement.

V3_Journal.md, after:

# [Brief Log/Update] - 2025-12-22
So I assembled the gearbox that was integrated into the shredder. It "ran" (spinning the input gear would make the output gear spin), but the gears ended up cracking and breaking. I will attempt to combat this with a plethora of strategies!

## Future Notes & Ideas
Will a) reprint the gears with strong settings b) update and enhance the design c) get the gears manufactured in metal

# [Parametric Gearbox for Torque Multiplication] - 2025-12-20
## Added
A parametric simple gearbox was added so that the hand-crank could have more torque!
<img width="1260" height="661" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-20 142952" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/249365a1-64ec-440e-a6fa-8ebfab44c840" />

## Future Notes & Ideas
Almost done yay!

# [Tolerance Change] - 2025-12-01

## Changed
The anvil-rotor clearance between the blades (of one side) and the washers (of the other side) was lowered. This should help with shearing the material. This was attained by increasing the diameter of the washers.
<img width="530" height="459" alt="Screenshot 2025-12-01 at 8 31 44 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ef74c23-538f-44c1-9322-2292d9f6096e" />

## Future Notes & Ideas
I think it's about time to start publishing and sorting everything together.

# [CAD Fixes] - 2025-11-26

## Added
Chamfers to the base

## Changed

## Fixed
Changed m3 nut slots to take in parameter "Tolerance"

## Future Notes & Ideas


# [Some Brush-ups] - 2025-11-24
Made some modifications to the already "polished" 3D shredder. Looking to improve user experience during assembly
## Added
Front plate aluminum extrusion/mounting board mounting holes. This may/may not be applicable for the back plate, depending on the size of the gears.

<img width="770" height="468" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 1 08 57 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f5874854-c3f3-49fd-87e2-73dc3f1643ad" />


Created a 1:1 Gear Ratio set (double helical gears, 10mm height, 2.6mm module, 20 teeth)

<img width="610" height="394" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 2 01 45 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1102e926-d76f-4e6d-a329-1de129c33eea" />


## Changed
Offset the 2020 aluminum extrusion (or base mounting) holes to be further out
<img width="532" height="499" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 11 34 36 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff8fd6dc-e552-48b0-ae77-7941908b18af" />


## Fixed
Added 3D printing corner holes for the gears.

<img width="268" height="265" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-24 at 10 02 20 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5accfdcc-111d-403c-8935-9b76851707a0" />

## Future Notes & Ideas
I will need to figure out how the aluminum extrusion and the shredder is assembled. Currently, the m5 allen key is getting jammed up by the hopper mounts.
